Hello. My name is Kem Opperman-Torres,
and I teach fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth Spanish.
What I love, is there's a library at my fingertips,
but more than that, there is a library at my student's fingertips.
I'm excited that there are questions, and I am excited that there is an answer key.
One of the features I'm very excited, and I hope that you all will use more
is the underlines under the words where they can hover-over and read them.
The reading feature is fantastic!
It helps them so much, and sometimes, the reading with the different voices... they love that.
The love that they can know when the characters are changing.
The price is so phenomenal!
You just can't get access to that many readers, for than many students, at that price.
So, thank you very much for this program.
I was thrilled when it said it was coming out,
and it has definitely worked fabulous at my school, and changed the way
that I'm using reading and readers in my class.